Leave the Sewing to Claireping
Romi! Are you still drawing?
Yeah, I'm all done now. Here, look!
Wow! Did you draw a monster, Claireping?
Huh? How does this look like a monster?
Look closely. This is a dress.
Hey, there's no way something like this is a dress!
It is a dress. It was my favorite dress when I was little.
It was the first dress I ever wore.
It's hard to call that a dress for a true princess.
Hehe, okay! I will make you a real dress!
Phew, it's fine, it's fine. I have homework... ugh.
Hiya!
It's already beautiful.
I'm the best, as expected!
Romi will really love this dress too, right?
Romi! You're finally awake.
You startled me, Claireping! Why are you... since morning...
The masterpiece I made for you is finished! Now, come here! Come here!
Ta-da! How is it? It's incredibly beautiful, right?
Wh-what is?
Oh please, you're joking. I'm talking about this beautiful dress here!
It's perfect for when you shrink down, right?
It's the latest Teenieping style in the kingdom.
I don't need it. And my dress was in style back then too.
She doesn't need the dress I made?
I'm Claireping, Princess of the Fashion Kingdom.
Wait a minute.
Princess Sara's magazine has a lot to look at.
Maybe the trends among humans are different from ours.
What's with this needle?
Who stuck a needle here? It's dangerous.
Yeah, staying like this seems dangerous. I'll...
No, I mean we should go check if Princess Romi is okay!
Wait, you're just trying to drink water by yourself, aren't you?
What? No, I'm not!
What's this? Who brought this here?
If Sara sees this, I'm the only one who'll get scolded.
It's delicious!
Claireping! What's wrong?
What's the matter?
Romi...
Romi isn't coming out?
My magic isn't working...
Stop crying and calmly tell us what happened.
Since earlier, my dress-making magic hasn't been working...
When I do this, clothes are supposed to be made the way I want... but it's not working at all.
Oh no! This is terrible! We're in big trouble!
Princess Romi... Princess Romi...
Why are you making a fuss again?
She turned into a mannequin!
This mannequin's appearance, it's definitely Romi.
Romi! How did you turn into this!
Guys, look over here!
It says the first person to open this page will turn into a mannequin.
Before midnight passes, using the included magic needle and infinite thread,
you have to make clothes that satisfy the mannequin to break the magic.
We have six hours left.
However, it must be the one who received the mark of the needle.
The needle might have fun magic hidden inside? Just kidding.
What? This is a huge deal!
First, the needle, where is the needle? There's nothing like a needle here!
We will save Princess Romi! Let's search right now, let's go!
We need to find the needle quickly!
A needle... speaking of a needle... I got pricked by one earlier.
Ah! Is this it?
What is this? Uh, let me see.
Huh? The thread is gone.
Even when I try to grab it, it slips away.
It seems Claireping is the one who received the mark of the needle.
But I can't even use my dress-making magic right now, what do I do?
You can just sew by hand!
I've never sewn by hand before...
Then have you only been making clothes with magic all this time?
Of course. I'm a princess.
There's no way I would do hand sewing.
You can just learn this time!
Here, like this, if you do this, one stitch is completed.
Like this? Ouch, ow.
Can you do it?
I am Claireping, Princess of the Fashion Kingdom.
I'll put my honor on the line and get it done!
Marylou, the fashion magazine you sent had another weird magic spell on it.
Did you open it?
Yeah. This time I put a magic spell with a fashion designer and mannequin concept.
But the curse on the needle only prevents them from making clothes with magic.
Sigh, even if you are an Earth witch, you're going to get in big trouble doing that.
It's fine. Once 12 o'clock passes... well, it'll work out somehow.
I think I get the hang of hand sewing now!
I wonder what kind of dress Romi wants?
Let's try a different design.
Ah, ouch!
I'll make you the most beautiful dress.
Done.
Please work this time!
Romi.
Don't tell me it's a failure again?
If midnight passes like this, Romi, Romi will!
Calm down, Claireping. We will definitely be able to turn Romi back.
Yeah. We still have one hour left. You can make one more.
But what kind of dress does Romi want...
This is the drawing Romi made this morning... why is it glowing?
Could the Magic Mirror have given us a hint?
Then, for the last time, I'll try making this drawing into a dress.
Yeah! Let's hurry!
Claireping, there's no time! You have to finish it quickly!
Please... please, please! One last stitch!
Romi!
I'm sorry... it's because I wasn't good enough...
This dress is...
Romi! You're back!
More than any dress I've ever made, that dress suits you the best.
This dress, did you guys make it?
I only realized later what kind of dress you really like.
I made it based on the drawing you drew.
I really love it. Thank you, guys!
Where is the needle!
Answer me right now!
It feels like looking for a needle in a sandy beach.
Let me go when I tell you to stop. It hurts.
Romi!